README.md, before:

# Dictionary
<div align="center">
  
  ![dict-icon-small](https://github.com/Dicitionary-OOP/Dictionary/assets/63899044/41b2aa0f-2c2c-4243-8218-8ead17158f46)
  
</div>



Being the students in the Object-Oriented Programming
(OOP, INT2204 - 25) class at UET-VNU, we formed a team
to complete  this  project as **our major assignment**.

This is a basic dictionary app, written in Java,
strongly **conforming to the Object-Oriented Programming
paradigm and techniques** that the Java Programming
Language has to offer, or enforces.

## Authors

| Student ID | Full Name          | GitHub Profile                       |
|:----------:|:-------------------|:-------------------------------------|
|  22028235  | Vũ Tùng Lâm        | <https://github.com/laam-egg>        |
|  22028167  | Hoàng Văn Phi      | <https://github.com/hoangvanphi2004> |
|  22028286  | Nguyễn Hữu Phương  | <https://github.com/png261>          |
|  22028213  | Đỗ Thái Sơn        | <https://github.com/tsun165>         |
|  22028182  | Nguyễn Văn Thiện   | <https://github.com/nvt18624>        |

## Introduction

This is a dictionary app with basic features:

`(TODO: Write the features here)`

`(TODO: Embed sample/demo images of the GUI here)`

The app presents two interfaces to the user:
1. The CLI (Command Line Interface): The user can run
the JAR file in the command line to use the features
mentioned above.
2. The GUI (Graphical User Interface): The JAR file
can be run directly, and a window with familiar
graphical controls (such as dialogs, buttons, text
boxes...) will be displayed to the user.

`(TODO: Embed sample/demo images of the CLI here)`

## Download

`(TODO: Write this)`

The latest version of the app can be downloaded at: ...

`(TODO: Write usage note for the CLI)`

## Contributing

If you want to contribute to this project, first take
a look at the project's general information and coding
convention in the file [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This project and any software packages compiled from it
is distributed under the **3-clause BSD license**, which
is written in the file [`LICENSE.txt`](LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

docs: add screenshots, database section

README.md, after:

# Dictionary
<div align="center">
  
  ![dict-icon-small](https://github.com/Dicitionary-OOP/Dictionary/assets/63899044/41b2aa0f-2c2c-4243-8218-8ead17158f46)
  
</div>



Being the students in the Object-Oriented Programming
(OOP, INT2204 - 25) class at UET-VNU, we formed a team
to complete  this  project as **our major assignment**.

This is a basic dictionary app, written in Java,
strongly **conforming to the Object-Oriented Programming
paradigm and techniques** that the Java Programming
Language has to offer, or enforces.

## Authors

| Student ID | Full Name          | GitHub Profile                       |
|:----------:|:-------------------|:-------------------------------------|
|  22028235  | Vũ Tùng Lâm        | <https://github.com/laam-egg>        |
|  22028167  | Hoàng Văn Phi      | <https://github.com/hoangvanphi2004> |
|  22028286  | Nguyễn Hữu Phương  | <https://github.com/png261>          |
|  22028213  | Đỗ Thái Sơn        | <https://github.com/tsun165>         |
|  22028182  | Nguyễn Văn Thiện   | <https://github.com/nvt18624>        |

## Introduction
This is a dictionary app with features:
- Lookup
- Translate
- TextToIPA
- Synoym
- ChatGPT
- Wordle Game

![image](https://github.com/Dicitionary-OOP/Dictionary/assets/63899044/3ad28748-2ce7-42b1-891b-db5e387491d3)
![image](https://github.com/Dicitionary-OOP/Dictionary/assets/63899044/bc06d1ab-1a73-4d1c-a8cb-0d062681b562)

## Database
Project use sqlite database with over 103,000 words from this repo: [png261/english-vietnamese-database](https://github.com/png261/english-vietnamese-database)
![image](https://github.com/png261/english-vietnamese-database/assets/63899044/01a20ee9-d6f9-422c-9dd2-d3069bd3f77f)

## Download

`TODO`

## Contributing

If you want to contribute to this project, first take
a look at the project's general information and coding
convention in the file [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This project and any software packages compiled from it
is distributed under the **3-clause BSD license**, which
is written in the file [`LICENSE.txt`](LICENSE.txt).
